recipe detail tags  customization (#22)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailTags.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

### tags 

> To create your own recipe detail tags template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailSuccessTag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own recipe detail tags template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailSuccessTag
```
